updates to hash codes and file names (#1553)
popsim-consortium/stdpopsim: docs/development.rst

on whom to send the compressed archive of genetic maps to (currently Andrew Kern is the
primary uploader but please wait to send files to him until directed).

An important note: when an existing resource file (such as a genetic map or annotation)
is updated and replaces the previous version,
be sure to give it a new version name (i.e. ``name_{id}_more_name_v1.txt``). 
This is to ensure that the previous file versions and checksums that are hosted
remotely remain valid when new releases are made.

> 

Author: Is this sufficient and what you had in mind @petrelharp?

Reviewer: Not quite. Can you add, let's see:
1. in what files do you need to put the new name
2. something more prescriptive about how to create the new name (your example is not following how you created the new names for this round - and, they are .tar.gz, not .txt, right?)
3. a note that in the cache the files are renamed to a standard thing
4. something saying why you have to do this?

Author: Updates! Better?

Author: Went ahead with updating names to match what I described in docs.

Reviewer: Sounds good - that made more sense to me, but I assumed you had a good reason for doing it the other way.

on whom to send the compressed archive of genetic maps to (currently Andrew Kern is the
primary uploader but please wait to send files to him until directed).

**An important note:**
when an existing resource file (such as a genetic map or annotation)
is updated and replaces the previous version,
be sure to update the name of the file pattern with a version number

> (i.e. ``name_{id}_more_name_v1.tar.gz``).

Reviewer: This seems confused - either `{id}` should not go here (because as above it refers to an individual chromosome, and we *don't* rename the individual chromosome files?) or else this is the wrong thing that needs to be changed (ie we don't change the `file_pattern`)?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think this is wrong. Note [below in your PR](https://github.com/popsim-consortium/stdpopsim/pull/1553/files#diff-7525483765c11f21a5dd836cee64d70bcb66e5f70f2c52246be45d6e649c4989L17); you are not changing `file_pattern`; you're changing like `intervals_url`. Here you should be documenting/explaining the very process you're doing in this PR.

Author: Yes sorry, thanks for looking carefully!

The file pattern names do not follow a fixed convention throughout the catalog,
so simply add an underscore and version number to the end of whatever the current
file pattern is (before the ``.tar.gz`` file extension),
or increment the version number if the previous file already has one.
When the file is downloaded locally to the cache, the file is given a standardized name
that will be the same regardless of which file is pulled from AWS.

> This process is critical to ensure there are no name collisions on AWS server side,
> which would create conflicts between the checksums of the old and new files between
> different version releases of `stdpopsim`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it so that different releases of `stdpopsim` continue to work: since the checksum
is coded into the package, changing the file on AWS would cause an error when the new file's
checksum is compared on download to the checksum in the package.
```
